U.A. High School's hero course.
"U.A. High School Entrance Exam Location"
A training school for those
whose goal is to acquire
the necessary qualifications
needed for pro heroes.
Among similar courses across the country,
theirs is the most popular
and most competitive,
and their acceptance rate is less
than one in three hundred every year.
The hero who refused a National Honor Award--
The number one hero, All Might.
The hero who resolved
the most incidents in history--
The Fiery Hero, Endeavor.
The winner of the Best Jeanist
award eight years in a row--
Best Jeanist.
Graduating from U.A. is a
requirement for becoming a great hero.
And so, I also tackled
the U.A. entrance exam.
I will take...
...the first step toward
my dream of becoming a hero!
"U.A. High School Hero Course
Entrance Exam Location"
"Battle Center B "
What is this?
It's like a city!
They have more than one
of these on the school grounds?
U.A.'s amazing!
As it says in the application requirements,
you listeners will be conducting
ten-minute mock urban battles after this!
Three different types of faux villains
are stationed in each battle center.
You earn points for each of
them based on their level of difficulty.
Your goal, dear listeners,
is to use your Quirks
to earn points by
immobilizing the faux villains.
Mock battles...
How can everyone be so confident?
Aren't they nervous?
They even have equipment
to go with their Quirks...
Oh, it's the person I met at
the school gates! The nice person!
She was assigned to the
same battle center, huh?
Oh yeah, I have to thank her for earlier.
He's here, too?
That girl appears to be trying to focus.
What are you doing here?
Are you taking the entrance exam
to interfere with everyone else?
N-N-No, of course not...
That guy's the one who was about
to trip in front of the school gates, right?
The one who winced after being called out.
At the very least, we have
one less rival to worry about, huh?
"Lucky"
Lucky for us.
I feel like the others think
they lucked out because I'm here...
Okay, start!
What's wrong? There are
no countdowns in real fights!
Run, run!
The die has been cast, you know!
Huh? Huh?
What?!
I... I'm behind already!
"Episode 4: Start Line"
I'm behind.
Calm down, calm down. It's fine. It's fine!
"Dagoba Municipal Beach Park"
I have All Might with me.
All right! You swallowed the hair, right?
I don't feel any different, though...
Of course not!
What do you think the stomach does?
Well, you'll feel something
in two or three hours.
I'm so nervous...
I need to hurry back,
take a shower, and eat breakfast.
You have become a proper vessel,
but it was one that was made in a hurry.
You didn't even get
to take it for a test drive...
Prepare yourself for the physical
repercussions it'll have on your body.
Huh?
I don't have time to explain
in detail, so I'll just tell you this.
When you use my Quirk, One For All,
squeeze your buttocks
and yell this inside your heart--
"S--"
One point!
Target acquired. I'll kill you!
It's coming! It's coming! It's coming!
Why can't I move?
Idiot, why?!
Thanks for distracting it!
A laser?
Merci! We made a good team.
But I don't think we'll meet again.
Adieu!
We won't meet again...?
Six minutes and two seconds left!
Oh no! Oh no!
Oh no!
Points...
I need points fast!
The nice person!
Release!
That's twenty-eight points...!
What? Twenty-eight?
Forty-five points!
Forty-five?!
That's thirty-two!
That one's mine! Don't take it!
It's first-come, first-served!
The number of enemies is decreasing fast!
Oh no!
In this practical exam,
the examinees have not been informed
of the number of villains or their locations.
They have a limited amount
of time in a vast area.
They have to draw the
villains out from there.
Information gathering ability to
understand the situation before anyone else.
Mobility that can be used
in many different circumstances.
Discernment to be able
to stay calm in any situation.
And pure combat ability.
These basic abilities needed
to keep the peace in the streets
are turned into points in this test.
Doesn't this year's group look promising?
Well, we can't know for sure yet.
Their true test is still to come.
An obstacle that will go
crazy in narrow spaces.
I recommend that you
listeners try to avoid it.
Isn't it a little too big?
An overwhelming threat.
How people act after they've
seen this shows their true nature.
This isn't funny! I have to run away!
I'll get points as I run...
Shoot, shoot, shoot, I'm
still at zero points!
Less than two minutes left!
Two minutes?!
It'll be wasted. Everything
All Might gave me...
...will be wasted!
Ow!
It'd be bad luck if you fell, right?
There is absolutely no merit
in taking on that faux villain.
But that creates the opportunity...
...for it to shine brightly...
...and rise to the surface.
Squeeze your buttocks...
...and yell this inside your heart--
Smash...!
That's right. It rises to the surface--
The most important qualification of a hero--
The spirit of self-sacrifice!
The conditions are the same
as when I tried to save Kacchan.
But it's different. This time--
One minute left!
Wait, this is All Might's power.
I'm able to jump this high now.
Landing should be a
piece of cake-cake-cake-cake...
"Break"?!
You have become a proper vessel,
but it was one that was made in a hurry.
Prepare yourself for the physical
repercussions it'll have on your body.
Oh yeah! I'm such an idiot!
A mere ten months was
just barely enough time.
I can just barely hold this borrowed power.
I was being conceited for a second!
I've only been given the
right to stand at the start line!
Think! What to do? What to do?
Detroit Smash!
If I aim that move at the ground...!
Both my legs and my right arm are broken.
I only have my left arm!
And the timing--
If I'm too early or too late, I'll die!
Even if I succeed, I
still won't have any points!
If I break my left arm,
there's no way I'll pass!
Release...
I'm safe...
No, she saved me...
Is she all right?
She looks uninjured, at least...?
I'm so glad...
And...
...thank you!
If I can just get one point...
Time's up!
What was that guy?
He suddenly jumped at the obstacle.
He seemed to have a reinforcement-type
Quirk, but that was unusual...
But if he had such an amazing Quirk,
what kind of life did he
live that made him so jumpy?
Maybe he was acting to trick others?
But it doesn't look like
he gained anything from doing so.
Anyway, there's no mistaking
that he's an amazing guy.
They're missing the point.
Didn't they see?
He jumped out to save that girl.
He was aware of the
remaining time, his own safety,
and the points he needed to pass...
And even so, he did not hesitate at all!
If we had not been in an exam...
...of course, I would have done the same!
Wait. "Exam"...? "Of course"...?
Wait a minute.
Okay, good work.
Good work, good work.
Here you go. Here are some gummies.
Eat some gummies.
Thanks.
Yes, yes, you, too.
Thanks...
That mademoiselle is the backbone of U.A.
Oh dear, you were hurt
this much by your own Quirk?
It's as if his body is
not used to his Quirk yet.
Kiss...!
"Old lady!"
Wh-What was that?
U.A. High's licensed school nurse...
...the Youthful Heroine, Recovery Girl!
Her Quirk is the
super-activation of healing ability.
U.A. can only go through with such
a reckless entrance exam because of her.
Let's finish this quickly.
Is anyone else injured?
I see! If this exam is set up like that...
Then he's...
"One week later"
Izuku...?
Izuku? Izuku?
Hey, are you all right?
Why are you smiling at the fish?
Oh, sorry! I'm fine!
From self-scoring, I know that
I just barely passed the written exam.
But that was cancelled out by
the big fat zero in the practical exam.
And ever since the entrance exam,
I hadn't been able to contact All Might.
"Neighborhood Circular"
The results should arrive
today or tomorrow, right?
Yeah...
Jeez, I think it's amazing
that you even applied to U.A.!
Yeah...
"Neighborhood Circular"
I didn't even tell my mother about
what had happened with All Might.
I kept that secret so he could
continue being the Symbol of Peace.
There was no way I could
tell anyone, not even my family.
All Might! After you saw potential
in me, I'm sorry I didn't live up to it!
But I did what I thought was right.
All Might, you...
Izu-Izu-Izu...! Izu-Izu-Izu... Izuku!
It's here! It came!
"U.A. High School"
It's here!
I am here as a projection!
All Might?!
Wait, this is from U.A., right...?
What?
I had to do some paperwork that took
some time, so I couldn't contact you.
I'm sorry.
Actually, I came to this town to work at U.A.
All Might is working at U.A.?
Hm? What is it?
Wrap it up?
But there is something
I must talk to him about...
It's going to push everything else back?
All right. Okay.
Even if you passed the written exam,
you got zero points on the practical exam.
Of course, that means you didn't pass...
I knew that.
I knew that...
I knew that, but...
...it's so frustrating...
...if that was all there was to it.
I am an entertainer, as well!
First, take a look at this video!
Excuse me, um...
The nice person?
She came to negotiate directly
in person after the exam!
Negotiate what?
Keep watching to find out!
Um, the person with curly
hair and freckles...
Do you know who I'm talking about?
Um... kind of plain-looking...
It's me!
Is it possible for me
to give him some of my points?
I heard him say, "If I
can just get one point,"
so I thought maybe
he was still at zero points...
What the hell can you do?
At least the points he lost because of me...
There was absolutely no reason
for you to put yourself in danger!
He saved me!
Please! Please! Please!
In addition to now having a Quirk,
your actions spurred others to act.
The entrance exam the other day
was not graded only on villain points!
Even if you ask to,
you cannot give him your points.
Anyway, there's no reason
to give him any, female listener!
How can a hero course reject people
who save others and do the right thing?
Call that lip service?
Bring it on!
This is a job that requires risking one's life
to put that lip service into practice!
Rescue points!
And they're given by a panel of judges.
It's the other basic ability
we at U.A. look at!
Izuku Midoriya, sixty points!
And Ochaco Uraraka, forty-five points!
You both pass.
This is too crazy...
Come, Young Midoriya.
This is your hero academia!
Yes, sir!
After receiving a lot of help,
my life changed and will continue to change.
And now, my dream
high school life is about to begin!
Izuku...!
"Food Menu"
"Next time"
Welcome, Young Midoriya!
This is U.A. High, your hero academia!
All Might, I'll do my best on the
Quirk assessment test on the first day!
Your homeroom teacher, Aizawa, shows
no mercy and expels people if they do badly,
so be careful!
What?!
Next time, "What I Can Do for Now"!
Oh no, Young Midoriya's index finger is...!
Go beyond!
"Next time: What I Can Do for Now"
Plus Ultra!